oh one mile in fog patches and showers
early friday
but improving to greater than six miles
on friday morning
[Music]
whispers
rip
[Music]
[Laughter]
good morning everyone lindsay and i both
have a zoo
dance meeting is it on facebook
[Music]
i think you'll enjoy my protein shake
checking
hi guys this is your first day of school
which is so exciting
i hope you guys all have a great day
today
[Music]
hi i'm riley i'm from ohio and i'm
majoring in business
i'm lindsay and i'm from utah
i'm not sure what i'm majoring in yet
we'll see
everyone having a great first day of
classes
my first class is econ at nine and it's
7 20 right now
i have a little while i'm kind of
confused i feel like
they're trying to like pull things
together and tie up
loose ends right now and it's hard it
should be an interesting day though
so let's get ready for the first day of
college
call yourself a free spirit a wild thing
and you're terrified somebody's gonna
stick you in a cage
maybe you're already in that cage and
build it yourself
[Music]
i just want to stop
thank you also it's really fun that i
don't have to wear a uniform today
how long has it been since you ever
wanted five years
of school goodbye okay bye
[Music]
this is definitely going to be
interesting
so we've actually come to eat here a
couple of times so i'm thinking i'm
going to
sit outside here for my first class
because if i go inside i have to wear a
mask and i think the whole point
of doing a zoom online for my econ class
today is that we can actually see each
other
i have like 12 minutes until my class
starts so i'm just gonna set up
and get ready it's my microeconomics
class and i brought
a notebook we don't have our ipads yet
we get them
on wednesday which is two days from now
and so
i'm just gonna take notes in here until
then all right let's get set up
and ready for my first class of college
[Music]
we all went to the hilltop market did
you both get the caesar ones
i did okay how's that i haven't tried it
yet it's actually pretty good
it okay this is like a regular wrap but
with like
barbecue sauce on it okay awesome i like
this
one a little bit better really and you
have the caesar and then i got the asian
chicken it's really good and then i also
got some pineapple and mango which are
also both really good
and i didn't get any silverware so
whoops
oh really yeah he didn't say that he was
taking an institute class
i saw him and i was like yeah my classes
have
consisted of laying down writing in my
journal
watching shows i honestly don't even
have to leave the dorm if i don't want
to because my next class is online too
we got it riley is such a great roommate
we love her yes
she's oh she's getting a fork because
she she forgot a fork
for her fruit
anyways she's cool
cat but like and subscribe yeah
do that we'll be opening here
[Music]
it is so weird for me to have this much
freedom at my old school we did not
get to like do whatever we want go
wherever we want
and not wearing a uniform
but i'm all about it if you don't know
about svu and you're like thinking of
coming here
and you are planning to live in the
lofts just understand that you're going
to have to climb this hill every time
you want to go
back and forth from campus to your dorm
so
just be prepared for it have your
classes been good today though
actually yeah which ones have you had so
i've had um
revelation and then i had the other ones
yeah
yeah becoming a night wish we didn't do
anything yeah i was like
i hope i'm not supposed to be on zoom
right now because i am not well we
walked in there we were like are we
supposed to do anything with this
because we have no clue
oh you walked in the classroom no should
we walk into your room
we will see you see you bye my next
class
is at 1 30. i honestly have like an hour
so i might edit or
actually i'll probably do some of like
the assignments and homework that we've
been assigned already in canvas
until my comp class and then i'll just
do the zoom in here because it's online
i just figured that out this morning so
all right i'll see you
in my next class
[Music]
and now i'm sitting down and doing some
econ homework but i'm having an apple
and
some peanut butter and finishing this
one econ reading i have like four or
something but i'm doing
one of them right now and i already took
a couple notes which i usually don't do
when i read
say none i've literally been laying in
my head all day long oh i wanna
say something so i sound not like i'm
lazy
i'm gonna get some rest from my heart
first day of school today
it was not a hard day at all that's why
it would be funny
i literally went down for lunch and came
back up
that's all i've done today
[Music]
hey guys i don't even remember the last
time i filmed it's now
like almost nine and we have to get up
at least lindsay and i have to get up
tomorrow at
5 30 so we can get ready to go to our
dance practice cool okay
six five swiping up
so all of us are currently going through
our mutual accounts it's like an lds
dating app
oh my gosh it's kind of funny going
through
it's a little awkward too but anyway
it's been
interesting yeah we are just enjoying
our evening we're gonna get ready for
bed
no and no
today was pretty good i felt pretty good
about all the classes that i went to i'm
a little confused
unlike doing all the stuff online and
using canvas and stuff because i've
never
used that before i'll be able to figure
it out freshman year it's a little
different than usual but i think coming
a week early has allowed me to make a
lot of friends already so i'm grateful
for that
i'm so excited to take you guys along
this college journey
me too yeah i mean welcome
like and subscribe thank you lindsay
yeah
no problem that's the guy and that's uh
he's hot swipe
[Laughter]
[Applause]
oh
i won't expose you lindsay thanks for
watching today's video guys
i love you all there's ashley's foot
love you guys yeah
love you so much i'm gonna start crying
we're getting our ipads in two days so
make sure if you're not subscribed
subscribe because
i'm doing an ipad unboxing
i'm doing an ipad unboxing so it'll be a
lot of fun anyway i love you guys so
much
i hope you enjoyed the video and i will
see you in next week's video
bye when you were younger
you didn't see things quite the same as
you
do now